# CS-320-Software-Test-Automation
   
    How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure? Within the process of programming the assignment, I made sure that the code was functional by doing a bit of research in order to gain understanding. This also resulted in trial and error, figuring out why a certain area of my code didn't work. While this was a somewhat strenuous process, it has helped me to grow as a programmer. When I first started working on this assignment, I had the services using a HashMap. However, I ended up changing it to an array which was a bit easier to provide testing. I made sure the software I created was secure by ensuring that the global variables I created were set to private and not public. 
    How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program? When creating the software, one thing I kept in mind was making sure that I met the requirements of my assignment. For example, when writing the Contact class, I wanted to make sure that if the user input an invalid input or null, they would receive an error message that would alert them on what mistake they would make. I also thought about creating tests that would run in negative scenarios, such as if the tests failed how would it be handled. 
    How do I approach designing software? Designing the software, took a considerable amount of trial and error as I've mentioned before. As I've previously mentioned before I had created the service classes using HashMaps, which I didn't really have a full understanding of how they worked. So, I struggled a bit with writing tests. After changing the service classes to an Array which I have a good bit of experience with, I was able to have a flow with the project. I made sure to reference the requirements, and lastly, I made sure that the software was able to run tests according to what I had written. It was certainly rewarding to see your work pay off.
